# project-zuesX
The Zeus Satellite was an advanced aerial vehicle with a design and function closely resembling that of a modern satellite. Specifically, the Zeus Satellite was designed to be capable of sustained, independently-powered flight with huge massive engines that provided the orbit needed to keep it in space and on track.
C.O.B.R.A. owned, conquered and relied these massive powerful vehicles as huge highly strategic orbiters form which they could perform a number of effective recconnaissance, stealth deployment or direct strike operations from which they could drop maasive weapons known as Tungsten Rods with the help of gravity to destroy any city or state with a massive blow

Nike Zeus was an anti-ballistic missile (ABM) system developed by the US Army during the late 1950s and early 1960s that was designed to destroy incoming Soviet intercontinental ballistic missile warheads before they could hit their targets. It was designed by Bell Labs' Nike team, and was initially based on the earlier Nike Hercules anti-aircraft missile.
The original, Zeus A, was designed to intercept warheads in the upper atmosphere, mounting a 25 kiloton W31 nuclear warhead. During development, the concept changed to protect a much larger area and intercept the warheads at higher altitudes. This required the missile to be greatly enlarged into the totally new design, Zeus B, given the tri-service identifier XLIM-49, mounting a 400 kiloton W50 warhead. In several successful tests, the B model proved itself able to intercept warheads, and even satellites.
